Prince, what's the point? Forget it,
Please give me a ticket,
Son, what do you want to eat?
How could he leave? That son,
Son, I want my father to take care of me.
What are you going to give this throne to, my father?
Father, father really wants this,
You were not like this before,
But there really is no equivalent generation,
Why do you want to meet your father?
It's not because of you,
If it weren't for you, then I'd be drunk,
Let’s go back to Chongqing
How could he be raped by Brother Three Kingdoms again?
Mother divides her money and gives him one time to let me
Are they surprised at every turn?
You have to save your life
Pretending everywhere
Not interested in anything
I still have to inject it into you
What kind of dog leash is it?
I'm asking you this one last time
Please be strict, right?
Then I will kill
This is called talking about myself
mom mom wife
You let the sad master blame you
Items that will be used
The commander who comes up will tell you
Do I have to understand it?
This old guy is not trying to pass Huang Wei on to you.
He begged you to write it.
This old guy will definitely die unknown.
Can't stop